this mad thing happens and the Swiss
National Bank suddenly effectively cut
their interest rates to 4 and a half%
and in a week I lose 8 million do I did
what every good former LSC student does
I started come bringing my textbooks
into the office seems funny now but you
know and I start reading up on what's
happening on the desk and this guy Billy
who I'm sitting next to never went to
University [__] [__] good
Trader he lets me do it for one day he
lets me do it two days third day just
comes in slaps the
text PI out of my hand into the bin and
he goes what the f are you doing brick
does this look like Jack anori to you if
you want to understand how the economy
Works you're not going to read it ining
textbooks if you want to know how the
economy Works go talk to your mom and
ask her what a financial Situation's
like go talk to your friends talk to
your friends moms look at the adverts on
a walk down the [__] High Street look
at what shops are closing down what's
opening up look at the homeless people
is there more is there less that's the
economy is the [__] real world
basically